# s3955317_NONE4763_A2
  On Thursday, I learned about conducting research in the course I took. The instructor broke students into small groups at the beginning of the lecture to discuss and share each member's replies about what research was, what experience we gained from it, if it was effective, and what the problem was. After that, the tutor gave four different definitions of research that numerous authors in the 19th century came up with. A video of Sherlock Holm's deduction was played, and the tutor compared the two main aspects of inductive and deductive thinking, giving four instances for each. The teacher made an introduction of research papers and demonstrated an example article from the Massachusetts Institute of Technology Computer Science and Artificial Intelligence Lab in Canvas. He showed the concept of Abstract with six aspects, highlighted four meanings and functions of Literature review with three parts, and introduced students to Quantitative versus Qualitative Approaches with three elements. Finally, the tutor discussed the differences between Experiment and Observation, Nomothetic and Ideographic, Descriptive and Inferential analysis, as well as several data analysis programs such as Excel, Python, R and Matlab.
  Throughout the presentation, the tutor's passion created a welcoming mood in the classroom. I was interested in the section of the presentation where the group members discussed their perspectives on the concept of research, although I was nervous to give my answers, but I was happy because one of the group members shared a common interest with me about video games, so we were able to communicate easily and harmoniously. 
  After the lecture, I realized that to have my learning experience improved in current course which contributed greatly to helping me do more accurate research on Information Technology in future schooling, it was recommendable to have discussion with classmates to gain additional information about my discipline and focus on the teacher's helpful advice on each subject's material such as its content and outcomes. Thanks to this, I was able to make plans with synthesized and interpreted data in a clear and effective way with a deeper understanding of doing research. Furthermore, the tutor questioned me and provided persuasive arguments for why I was interested in my discipline, especially why  IT was very important in our lives and the problems such as an excessive amount of data, and I realized that investigating my interests in this area will optimize my capacity to acquire new knowledge.
